PAY-6308: Add changelog entry for payments dropin v1.0.3 (#542)
commerce-docs/microsite-commerce-storefront: src/content/docs/releases/changelog.mdx

**Payment Services** 
********************/}

    <ChangelogEntry
      date="2025-10-29"
      title="Payment Services v1.0.3"
      components={['Payment Services']}
    >

>       - **Fixed a server error during Credit Card checkout on storefronts connected to Adobe Commerce Cloud Service (ACCS).**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      - **Fixed a server-side error affecting credit card checkout on storefronts connected to Adobe Commerce Cloud Service (ACCS).**
```

>       - **Fixed a server error during Credit Card checkout on storefronts connected to Adobe Commerce Cloud Service (ACCS).**

Reviewer 2: I'd reframe to something as "Removed a redundant call to "setPaymentMethodOnCart" to speed up the checkout and make it resilient to server-side errors"

Technically, there are no server-side errors in the droppin itself 🤷🏻

Author: What about
> Removed a redundant call to `setPaymentMethodOnCart` mutation that was failing for Credit Card checkouts in storefronts connected to Adobe Commerce Cloud Service (ACCS) due to issue [CCSAAS-3786](https://jira.corp.adobe.com/browse/CCSAAS-3786).

Author: Updated after discussing with @AVoskoboinikov in the office and with @danidelcar on Slack.

@bdenham as the link links to an external website (Jira), I used the `<Link>` component so that it renders the link with the "external" symbol. Feel free to change this to a normal markdown link if this is not desired.

<img width="768" height="324" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/0fdbdde8-0b88-4120-83df-eb8183bb52d6" />

Reviewer 3: That's perfect @Tomasito665!
